_tools/CryptoAC.md, before:

---
# coming from "_includes/list-items.html"
id: CryptoAC
logo: /assets/areas/no_image.png
title: CryptoAC
internalUrl: /tools/CryptoAC/
description: Cryptographic Access Control


# coming from "_layouts/page.html"
publications:
    - ASIACCS2020
    - SECRYPT2021_2
    - TOPS2020_2
    - DBSEC2022

# theses:                         # List of IDs of related theses
#     - 

# events:                         # List of IDs of related events
#     - 

# tools:                          # List of IDs of related tools
#     - 

# projects:                       # List of IDs of related projects
#     - 

collaborations:                   # List of IDs of related collaborations
    - ST 

people:
    - StefanoBerlato
    - RobertoCarbone
    - SilvioRanise

# images:                         # Repeat the following structure to add more images
#     - title:                    # Title of the image
#       source:                   # Path to the image
---

### Description

CryptoAC (*Cryptographic Access Control*) provides end-to-end protection of sensitive data – such as documents, files and messages – through **cryptographic enforcement of access control policies**.

CryptoAC is an open-source tool written in the (multiplatform) Kotlin language; it comes either with an easy **microservice-based architecture** including an **optimisation step** to maximise the performance and the security of the deployment or, potentially, even as a programming library or plugin. CryptoAC is highly modular, can be easily extended to fit the needs of new scenarios and its APIs allow for straightforward integration with other services.

Please refer to the [the documentation](https://cryptoac.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) for more details.

Commit message:

added option for showing  publications

_tools/CryptoAC.md, after:

---
# coming from "_includes/list-items.html"
id: CryptoAC
logo: /assets/areas/no_image.png
title: CryptoAC
internalUrl: /tools/CryptoAC/
description: Cryptographic Access Control


# coming from "_layouts/page.html"
# selectedPublications:           # Whether publications for the page are selected 
#                                 # (if "true", show "Selected Publications" instead  
#                                 # of "Related Publications" in the page)

# selectedProjects:               # Whether projects for the page are selected 
#                                 # (if "true", show "Main Projects" instead  
#                                 # of "Related Projects" in the page)

publications:
    - ASIACCS2020
    - SECRYPT2021_2
    - TOPS2020_2
    - DBSEC2022

# theses:                         # List of IDs of related theses
#     - 

# events:                         # List of IDs of related events
#     - 

# tools:                          # List of IDs of related tools
#     - 

# projects:                       # List of IDs of related projects
#     - 

collaborations:                   # List of IDs of related collaborations
    - ST 

people:
    - StefanoBerlato
    - RobertoCarbone
    - SilvioRanise

# images:                         # Repeat the following structure to add more images
#     - title:                    # Title of the image
#       source:                   # Path to the image
---

### Description

CryptoAC (*Cryptographic Access Control*) provides end-to-end protection of sensitive data – such as documents, files and messages – through **cryptographic enforcement of access control policies**.

CryptoAC is an open-source tool written in the (multiplatform) Kotlin language; it comes either with an easy **microservice-based architecture** including an **optimisation step** to maximise the performance and the security of the deployment or, potentially, even as a programming library or plugin. CryptoAC is highly modular, can be easily extended to fit the needs of new scenarios and its APIs allow for straightforward integration with other services.

Please refer to the [the documentation](https://cryptoac.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) for more details.
