_projects/FAMILIAR.md, before:

---
# coming from "_includes/list-items.html"
id: FAMILIAR
logo: /assets/areas/projects/logo_FAMILIAR.png
title: FAMILIAR
internalUrl: /projects/FAMILIAR
description: piattaForma dinAMica per IL socIo sanitARio



# coming from "_collaborations/index.html"
isCurrent: true



# coming from "_layouts/project.html"
# role:                           # Role of the Unit in the project (optional)
startDate: 2023-08-01
endDate: 2024-12-31
leader: Giampaolo Armellin
referenceFBK: Silvio Ranise
# duration:                       # Duration of the project (optional)
# funding:                        # Funding of the project (optional)
# website:                        # Website of the project (optional)
# cordisNo:                       # Number of the project within the CORDIS website (optional)
partners:                       # Partners of the project (optional)
    - name: Shifton
      detail: Company specialized in innovation processes.
      link: https://shifton.it/
    - name: AIP
      detail: Italian Association of Geriatric Psychology.
      link: https://www.psicogeriatria.it/
    - name: UPIPA
      detail: Provincial Union of Elderly Care Facilities.
      link: https://www.upipa.tn.it/
    - name: ICT Legal Consulting
      detail: Company specialized in privacy and data protection.
      link: https://www.ictlegalconsulting.com/
    - name: SDA Bocconi
      detail: Conducts research activities on companies operating in the healthcare sector.
      link: https://cergas.unibocconi.eu/
# goals: >
#     Write here the goals (only plaintext, also multiline, optional)



# coming from "_layouts/page.html"
# publications:                   # List of IDs of related publications
#     - 

# theses:                         # List of IDs of related theses
#     - 

# events:                         # List of IDs of related events
#     - 

# tools:                          # List of IDs of related tools
#     - 

# projects:                       # List of IDs of related projects
#     - 

collaborations:                   # List of IDs of related collaborations
    - ST

people:                           # List of IDs of related people
    - SilvioRanise
    - StefanoBerlato

# images:                         # Repeat the following structure to add more images
#     - title:                    # Title of the image
#       source:                   # Path to the image
---

The project aims to conceive and develop a platform (called **Familiar**) that enables the creation of a coordination system for *Long Term Care (LTC) services* using innovative digital technologies, with a specific focus on the field of dementia. The ultimate goal is to **enhance the quality of life for patients and increase support for their families**.

In this context, FBK provides technical-scientific support for eliciting *security requirements* as well as *designing the architecture* of the platform, defining technologies and tools for user authentication and to ensure certification, authenticity, confidentiality and integrity of data.

Commit message:

added option for showing  publications

_projects/FAMILIAR.md, after:

---
# coming from "_includes/list-items.html"
id: FAMILIAR
logo: /assets/areas/projects/logo_FAMILIAR.png
title: FAMILIAR
internalUrl: /projects/FAMILIAR
description: piattaForma dinAMica per IL socIo sanitARio



# coming from "_collaborations/index.html"
isCurrent: true



# coming from "_layouts/project.html"
# role:                           # Role of the Unit in the project (optional)
startDate: 2023-08-01
endDate: 2024-12-31
leader: Giampaolo Armellin
referenceFBK: Silvio Ranise
# duration:                       # Duration of the project (optional)
# funding:                        # Funding of the project (optional)
# website:                        # Website of the project (optional)
# cordisNo:                       # Number of the project within the CORDIS website (optional)
partners:                       # Partners of the project (optional)
    - name: Shifton
      detail: Company specialized in innovation processes.
      link: https://shifton.it/
    - name: AIP
      detail: Italian Association of Geriatric Psychology.
      link: https://www.psicogeriatria.it/
    - name: UPIPA
      detail: Provincial Union of Elderly Care Facilities.
      link: https://www.upipa.tn.it/
    - name: ICT Legal Consulting
      detail: Company specialized in privacy and data protection.
      link: https://www.ictlegalconsulting.com/
    - name: SDA Bocconi
      detail: Conducts research activities on companies operating in the healthcare sector.
      link: https://cergas.unibocconi.eu/
# goals: >
#     Write here the goals (only plaintext, also multiline, optional)



# coming from "_layouts/page.html"
# selectedPublications:           # Whether publications for the page are selected 
#                                 # (if "true", show "Selected Publications" instead  
#                                 # of "Related Publications" in the page)

# selectedProjects:               # Whether projects for the page are selected 
#                                 # (if "true", show "Main Projects" instead  
#                                 # of "Related Projects" in the page)

# publications:                   # List of IDs of related publications
#     - 

# theses:                         # List of IDs of related theses
#     - 

# events:                         # List of IDs of related events
#     - 

# tools:                          # List of IDs of related tools
#     - 

# projects:                       # List of IDs of related projects
#     - 

collaborations:                   # List of IDs of related collaborations
    - ST

people:                           # List of IDs of related people
    - SilvioRanise
    - StefanoBerlato

# images:                         # Repeat the following structure to add more images
#     - title:                    # Title of the image
#       source:                   # Path to the image
---

The project aims to conceive and develop a platform (called **Familiar**) that enables the creation of a coordination system for *Long Term Care (LTC) services* using innovative digital technologies, with a specific focus on the field of dementia. The ultimate goal is to **enhance the quality of life for patients and increase support for their families**.

In this context, FBK provides technical-scientific support for eliciting *security requirements* as well as *designing the architecture* of the platform, defining technologies and tools for user authentication and to ensure certification, authenticity, confidentiality and integrity of data.
