_collaborations/RiSING.md, before:

---
# coming from "_includes/list-items.html"
id: ST
logo: /assets/images/logos/RiSING.png
title: Robust and Secure Distributed Computing
internalUrl: /collaborations/RiSING
description: FBK Research Unit



# coming from "_collaborations/index.html"
isCurrent: true



# coming from "_layouts/page.html"
# publications:                   # List of IDs of related publications
#     - 

# theses:                         # List of IDs of related theses
#     - 

# events:                         # List of IDs of related events
#     - 

# tools:                          # List of IDs of related tools
#     - 

projects:                         # List of IDs of related projects
     - SERICS

# collaborations:                 # List of IDs of related collaborations
#     - 

# people:                         # List of IDs of related people
#    - AlessandroTomasi
#    - StefanoBerlato

# images:                         # Repeat the following structure to add more images
#     - title:                    # Title of the image
#       source:                   # Path to the image
---

[Robust and Secure Distributed Computing](https://rising.fbk.eu/) (RiSING) is a research unit in the Center for Cybersecurity in FBK.

Commit message:

added option for showing  publications

_collaborations/RiSING.md, after:

---
# coming from "_includes/list-items.html"
id: ST
logo: /assets/images/logos/RiSING.png
title: Robust and Secure Distributed Computing
internalUrl: /collaborations/RiSING
description: FBK Research Unit



# coming from "_collaborations/index.html"
isCurrent: true



# coming from "_layouts/page.html"
selectedPublications: true        # Whether publications for the page are selected 
                                  # (if "true", show "Selected Publications" instead  
                                  # of "Related Publications" in the page)

selectedProjects: true            # Whether projects for the page are selected 
                                  # (if "true", show "Main Projects" instead  
                                  # of "Related Projects" in the page)

# publications:                   # List of IDs of related publications
#     - 

# theses:                         # List of IDs of related theses
#     - 

# events:                         # List of IDs of related events
#     - 

# tools:                          # List of IDs of related tools
#     - 

projects:                         # List of IDs of related projects
     - SERICS

# collaborations:                 # List of IDs of related collaborations
#     - 

# people:                         # List of IDs of related people
#    - AlessandroTomasi
#    - StefanoBerlato

# images:                         # Repeat the following structure to add more images
#     - title:                    # Title of the image
#       source:                   # Path to the image
---

[Robust and Secure Distributed Computing](https://rising.fbk.eu/) (RiSING) is a research unit in the Center for Cybersecurity in FBK, focusing on the investigation of methods and the design and implementation of platforms that guarantee efficiency, robustness and security in distributed computing environments.

Our collaborations include providing formal mathematical methods and optimization techniques for secure and efficient orchestration of Cloud-native applications.
